docs: 4.0 update cloud ref (#22765)
juju/juju: docs/reference/cloud/list-of-supported-clouds/microk8s.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    description: "Set up MicroK8s cloud with Juju for localhost Kubernetes deployments, including snap installation and required service configuration."
---

(cloud-kubernetes-microk8s)=
# MicroK8s

> In Juju, [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) is a {ref}`Kubernetes cloud <kubernetes-cloud>` and works as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Juju, [MicroK8s](https://canonical.com/microk8s) is a {ref}`Kubernetes cloud <kubernetes-cloud>` and works as described below.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
